(DOCSP-25682): Import favorite connections (#1)
jeff-allen-mongo/docs-compass: source/connect/favorite-connections/import-export-cli/import.txt

   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

You can use the |compass-short| :abbr:`CLI (Command-Line Interface)` to
import favorite connections. This lets you use saved connections from
other workspaces or connections used by other team members.

Prerequisite
------------

To import favorite connections, you must first :ref:`export the
connections <compass-export-connections-cli>`.

Import Unencrypted Favorite Connections
---------------------------------------

Use this procedure to import a list of favorite connections that is not
encrypted with a passphrase.

Procedure
~~~~~~~~~

To import unencrypted favorite connections with the |compass-short|
:abbr:`CLI (Command-Line Interface)`, specify:

> - The path to the |compass| executable. The name and filepath of the

Reviewer: Perhaps "file path"? Unless that is how it is named in the UI.

Author: Fixed.

  executable depend on your operating system.

> - The ``--import-connections`` flag with the value set to the

Reviewer: I think this is string with the file name rather than a flag. I think flag would be a Boolean.

Author: Maybe "option" is more appropriate? That would be more in-line with the terminology used in docs like the [mongod options](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/manual/reference/program/mongod/#options). Will update.

  destination of the file containing favorite connections.

Your operation should resemble the following prototype:

.. code-block:: sh

   <path-to-Compass-executable> --import-connections=<filename>

Example
~~~~~~~

.. note::

   The name and filepath of the executable depend on your operating

>    system. This example is for macOS.

Reviewer: "The example in this section is..."

Also, perhaps not make a note? Slightly poor style to start a section with a note :)

Author: Moved the note further down in the section and adjusted the language.

> This example imports favorite |compass-short| connections from a file

Reviewer: "The following example"

Author: Updated.

with the path ``/tmp/compass-connections/favorites.json``.

Run the following command in the folder containing your MongoDB Compass
executable:

.. code-block:: sh

   ./MongoDB\ Compass --import-connections=/tmp/compass-connections/favorites.json
   
Results
```````

> After you run the import command, you will see this output in the terminal:

Reviewer: Perhaps just "you will see this output:" and omit terminal?

Author: Updated.

.. code-block:: sh
   :copyable: false

   Importing connections from "/tmp/compass-connections/favorites.json" (without passphrase)
   
MongoDB Compass starts and you will see the imported connections under
:guilabel:`Saved Connections` on the Connect screen.

Import Encrypted Favorite Connections
-------------------------------------

Use this procedure to import a list of favorite connections that is
:ref:`encrypted with a passphrase <compass-encrypt-connections-cli>`.

Procedure
~~~~~~~~~

> To import unencrypted favorite connections with the |compass-short|

Reviewer: Could you use an include file to eliminate duplication here? Text is mostly the same and could use replace variables for the variations. Same comments apply here as prev comments above.

Author: It's an interesting idea but I feel that there are enough differences between the sections where an include would make things a bit harder to maintain and follow. I've applied the same edits to this section as well.

  exported file.

Your operation should resemble the following prototype:

.. code-block:: sh

   <path-to-Compass-executable> \
   --import-connections=<filename> \
   --passphrase=<passphrase>

Example
~~~~~~~

.. note::

   The name and filepath of the executable depend on your operating
   system. This example is for macOS.

This example imports favorite |compass-short| connections from a file
with the path ``/tmp/compass-connections/favorites-encrypted.json`` that is
encrypted with the passphrase ``abc123``.

Run the following command in the folder containing your MongoDB Compass
executable:

.. code-block:: sh

   ./MongoDB\ Compass \
   --import-connections=/tmp/compass-connections/favorites-encrypted.json \
   --passphrase=abc123

Results
```````

After you run the import command, you will see this output in the terminal:

.. code-block:: sh
   :copyable: false

   Importing connections from "/tmp/compass-connections/favorites-encrypted.json" (with passphrase)
   
MongoDB Compass starts and you will see the imported connections under
:guilabel:`Saved Connections` on the Connect screen.

Errors
~~~~~~

When you try to import encrypted favorite connections, you may

> encounter these errors:

Reviewer: "see these errors"

   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

You can use the |compass-short| :abbr:`CLI (Command-Line Interface)` to
import favorite connections. This lets you use saved connections from
other workspaces or connections used by other team members.

Prerequisite
------------

To import favorite connections, you must first :ref:`export the
connections <compass-export-connections-cli>`.

Import Unencrypted Favorite Connections
---------------------------------------

> Use this procedure to import a list of favorite connections that is not
> encrypted with a passphrase.
> 
> Procedure
> ~~~~~~~~~
> 
> To import unencrypted favorite connections with the |compass-short|

Reviewer 2: Is separating out `Procedure` a common docs practice? If so ignore.
I was thinking it might read a little smoother and more concisely if we instead write it in one go, something like:
```suggestion
To import favorite connections that are not encrypted with a passphrase 
using the |compass-short| :abbr:`CLI (Command-Line Interface)`, specify:
```
Similar question/thought below for the `Procedure` on Encrypted Favorite Connections

Author: Thanks for calling this out. We've been shifting to adopting more of a consistent page structure for task pages so users know what to expect when they arrive to a docs page. Part of that structure includes putting steps / procedures into a dedicated section. I think this can also help users who use the table of contents on the right-side to navigate a page, since they can jump right to the steps.

with the passphrase ``abc123``.

Run the following command in the folder containing your MongoDB Compass
executable:

.. code-block:: sh

   ./MongoDB\ Compass \
   --import-connections=/tmp/compass-connections/favorites-encrypted.json \
   --passphrase=abc123

.. note::

   The name and file path of the executable depend on your operating
   system. The preceding command is for macOS.

Results
```````

After you run the import command, you will see this output:

.. code-block:: sh
   :copyable: false

   Importing connections from "/tmp/compass-connections/favorites-encrypted.json" (with passphrase)
   
MongoDB Compass starts and you will see the imported connections under
:guilabel:`Saved Connections` on the Connect screen.

Errors
~~~~~~

When you try to import encrypted favorite connections, you may
see these errors:

- If do not specify a passphrase, you will see this error:

  .. code-block:: sh
     :copyable: false

     Failed to perform operation Be [Error]: Input file contains encrypted
     secrets but no passphrase was provided
   
- If you specify an incorrect passphrase, you will see this error:

  .. code-block:: sh
     :copyable: false
  

>      Failed to perform operation Be [Error]: Cannot decrypt due to corrupt

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     Failed to perform operation [Error]: Cannot decrypt due to corrupt
```
What's this `Be` from? Maybe we can remove it.
Same with the `Failed to perform operation Be [Error]: Input file contains encrypted
     secrets but no passphrase was provided` error message above.

Author: @Anemy, the "Be" was in the error output itself. Here is the full output I see in my terminal when trying to import with a bad passphrase:

> \> jeff MacOS % ./MongoDB\ Compass\ Beta --import-connections=/tmp/compass-connections/favorites-encrypted.json --passphrase=abc124

> Importing connections from "/tmp/compass-connections/favorites-encrypted.json" (with passphrase)
(node:29717) [DEP0005] DeprecationWarning: Buffer() is deprecated due to security and usability issues. Please use the Buffer.alloc(), Buffer.allocUnsafe(), or Buffer.from() methods instead.
(Use `MongoDB Compass Beta --trace-deprecation ...` to show where the warning was created)
Failed to perform operation Be [Error]: Cannot decrypt due to corrupt data or wrong passphrase

Not sure if the "Be" has something to do with "Beta", since I'm trying this on Compass Beta? I can remove it from the docs if it shouldn't be there.

Reviewer 2: Huh, fine either way I think. Since it's in the output it might make seo a bit better? It does read a bit funnier though.
